.TH TOP_HTTP_USERS 8 "novembre 26, 2003"
.SH NAME
top_http_users \- AlternC Apache statistics
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B top_http_users 
.RI [ options ] " number"
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B top_http_users
command.
.PP
\fBtop_http_users\fP is a program that gives brief statistics on apache usage by parsing the apache logs.
.TP
The result is sorted by:
* number of lines in logs, by domain
.br
* size of transfered data, by domain
.br
* execution time, by domain
.br
* number of lines in logs, by AlternC account
.br
* size of transfered data, by AlternC account
.br
* execution time, by AlternC account
.PP
As parsing large log files can be time and cpu consuming, use the -n option, with low values, to have results more quickly (but less accurate).
.PP
\fBtop_http_users\fP has to be run as root.
.SH OPTIONS
This program follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of top_http_users.
.TP
.B \-z, \-\-use-gz-logs
Parse gzipped and .1, ...n apache logs instead of just parsing the current log.
.br
This option is not compatible with the \-n option.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-ssl
Parse the apache-ssl logs instead of parsing the non-ssl apache logs.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-number=NUMBER
parse the NUMBER last lines of the current log.
.br
This option is not compatible with the \-z option.
.SH NUMBER
Shows a result of
.IR number
users.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR top_mysql_users (8),
.BR top_ftp_users (8),
.BR alternc-admintools (8).
.br
